docs: added content for PEM-3770 (#1690)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/vm-packs-profiles/vm-packs-profiles.md

The **Virtual Machine Orchestrator** pack provides a single-pack experience that consolidates all the dependencies needed to deploy and manage VMs in your Kubernetes host cluster. You use **Virtual Machine Orchestrator** pack to create a VMO cluster profile. The pack's components are described below. All the components are enabled by default in the `charts:` section of the pack YAML configuration file. 

- **Descheduler** - Provides the ability to live migrate a VM to a different node in the node pool when the node is placed in maintenance mode. 

> - **Snapshot Controller** - Provides the ability to create snapshots of VMs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Snapshot Controller** - Provides the ability to create VM snapshots. 
```
